## Project (placeholder)

1.What data did you choose to collect?
    I choose to collect what I see when I look out of the window. I record how long I am looking at it, what I see, what is the whether, what is the curtain color(equals to where am I because in different room we have different color curtain), and what is my mood when I am looking out of the window.

2.How did you collect it, was was the routine?
    I set up a note on my computer, which is also shared with my phone that when ever I notice I am looking out of the window, I will open the note on my phone or my computer adding the detail information. I will record the first thing I see when I look out of the window. Probably because I love to staring at scenes most of the time I only see one thing. My routine is I usually start my first data collection during breakfast and end with the last glimpse when I go to bed.

3.Why did you choose to visualize the data in this way?
    First I want to talk about the literal portray. I want to visualize my data in this detail portray first is because I want this be a painting that whenever I see it, I feel I am at home. Because my home is far from Shanghai, I can't go home often, so I want to preserve my memories in this way. The second reason is that this project has made me pay attention to the scenes that I take for granted every day. During this week, every time I looked at them attentively I have a special feeling. These scenes by the window have accompanied me from high school to college, and they appear in nearly ever important event. Every time I see them, I feel that what I see is not an object, but an continuous story written by me. Third is because I want my readers see what is see. I don't want to use simple shape to convey information first is because I think the scene deserve my detail drawing. Second is simple shape is not that vivid to visually convey my scene. Since this is a project recording the specific window scene I see, I want to be specific instead of using text to explain. Because by using text, people will imagine a vague object instead of the object I see.
    Second I seperate the day and night because I truly feel what I see at day and what at night are two different style. The light determines background color and influence the object I see. What I see at day is very mild just like the background color I choose. Everything is under a warm color. And when the world goes into to dark, the object seems to place in a dark background. Everything becomes a different style. Everytime I look at the same thing at night, I just feel they are so fancy. For example the building. During daytime, I only see their cover color which is dark grey but when it becomes dark, the house light makes the ordinary building shinning. For the firework, I want to place it in its original background because we see firework at night which is a black background. Also for the red-lattern, you can see the different styling generate different feeling. At daytime, the lattern is not that obvious. But at night, the red lattern stands out and is super pretty in the dark. I tried with putting firework and lattern under the same background as day time but the effect is not what I want. So I seperate the day and night into two background because even for the same object, they just generate totally different feeling during day and night.

4.What can be seen in the visualization? Does it reveal something you didn't expect?
    Because I want my readers to see my data without many explanation so I use the very direct portray of the scene I see. You can see many small window in my work and I designed them each to be a small world where my readers zoom in and see detail of the portray. It reveal that I really like to daydream in my room. In the daytime, when I daydream I will always look at the mountain. At night, when I daydream I will always look at the light of other house. I also found that sometimes I feel I saw something outside the window but actually I am listening something outside the window, like the cat shouting or firecrack bursting. Whenever I hear this, I portray the picture that my neighboors' cats are fighting against each other or the children are playing with the firecrack.

5.Did you make crucial compromises? Which ones?
    I made crucial compromises for the mood and the weather. At first I detail record these two using numbers to highlight different degree of them. For example when the light is strong is daytime I record Good-10, and when the light is weak I record Good-1. I wanted to use the number of the sun's tail to represent different degree but because I spent more time on the portray than I thought so I give up this idea. Same for the mood that I want to use Happy-10 to represent I am extremely happy and Happy-1 to represnt little happy but because pf lack of time, this was also abondoned.

6.If this project had a larger scaler and wasn't    designed for print, how would you imagine it to be?
    I imagine I will less detail and focus more on grouping and presenting a clear sort-up of data. The main goal will change to analyzing my behaviour and draw a conclusion instead of being a place where I preserve my memory.

